---
layout: post
title: "Prologue"
date: 2022-05-13
categories: A Flurry of Arrows
---
Sixteen years before, a stream bore its path down the seas, down the coastal hills of Everlance, weeping against the waters beyond. Upon the pebbled shores lapped the waters below, and over yonder, a hill grew out of the grasses, and the barren fields laid away. The lands mourned of a coming winter, the leaves falling from above, and the empty watchtowers remained empty as they had for generations before. It was a lonely land, oft lacking the people that had flocked to the towns and cities. It was called, *The Valley of the Watchers*.

There was once against these seas two armies—an army cloaked in sable and an army caped in light. The old folk tell of a battle here long ago—of the very two armies unmatched, fighting a fight told for all eternity.

Upon the hills then was Sir Kaserus of Everlance, ahorse and armored in steel. Beside him were six knights, too mounted and valiant like any other. It was pride that lit their countenances—pride and glory, and a smudge of youths' naivete too, beyond doubt. And stretching far back down to an end unseen were men, men, and men of all the houses, hundreds of men—nay, thousands. Banners of every color swayed in the sea zephyr: velvet, violet, beige, white, and a great many more. From east to west, men and their colors awaited a sign, be it from the gods above or the knights ahead. In silence, they waited, a murmur of prayer running over them.

Yet it was not the gods who answered their call but rather Sir Kaserus in front. Against the retreating army of darkness cowering against the waves below, he raised his hand high, and he said words of power: power to shake their hearts and master their fears, power to stand beside him as an equal to fight a battle till their last, and power to see the light in the dark. He yelled a cry for his country, a desperate, majestic cry that echoed through the valley, and drew his longsword and pointed it to the heavens for all to see, friend and foe alike.

And as if destined by the gods themselves, there came from the horizon day. It shone on the army, and the sword took on a new light. As the edge of shadow withdrew from the forces of good, of light and righteousness, Sir Kaserus spurred his steed forward, rearing and leaping ahead, his sword in hand and his brother knights trailing behind him.

The light came, and it blinded their foes. And behold! for the gods had sided with the knights and not with the peasants below, and a newfound energy flowed in the veins of the men. Sir Kaserus rode forth, mighty as any, his armor glinting in the light and slaying men like a god of yore. His cape trailed behind him, his mouth ajar in a warcry, six knights behind. And from all the hills, the mountains, the fields, unforgotten, were the thousands of men before, pouring from the very lands that birthed their kin, swords drawn and ready to defend the same.

The birth of light had come to witness the death of shadow. The blood, sweat, and warcries of these men, their valor on the field and their love for their fatherland, ushered in a new age of rebirth for all the Free Realm.
