---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 1: A New Era"
date: 2022-05-13
categories: A Flurry of Arrows
---
It ought not have been long since the ousting of evil upon the Valley of the Watchers, where the great army's battle-fury shook the realms of man and smote the shadow army to a sounding defeat, yet time perforce took its toll; and for sixteen years, peace had its way. In all the Free Realm, towns thrived and cities flourished, art and scholarship grew, and everywhere people lived their lives free from war. It was an era of peace, of prosperity, of joy.

The village of Mangan thus could be no exception. Far in the east it was, near the borders of the realm, where the grasslands met the desert wastelands. There, a beautiful spring had set: the flowers were in bloom, and the trees glowed a soft shade of green. Away behind it to the east were grassy knolls that sang of rejuvenation and mountains that scaled the welkin. The village was in the middle of the grasslands, set atop a hill with a lake at its feet and beside that, a wet forest.

Against a backdrop of life, the main road leading to the palisade gates was bustling with a similar vigor, that of people. People leading their horses, wagons, and carriages lined the roads as they awaited the two unarmored guards to inspect their cargo, from the open entrance far back to the forest's border. Goods of every type piled the wagons: silks freshly woven, and wines newly brewed, and steel recently forged, and fireworks beautifully crafted. All came in hopes of seeking new fortunes upon the coming Light Festival. 

Yet despite the influx of people, the town was little defended. Four sentries patrolled the walls with bows in hand, and arrows in their quivers, and swords sheathed at their sides. Three armored spearmen stood the gates. In silence, they stood, rigid as another post upon the walls.

Late afternoon found yelling and cursing in front of the line. A wagonload of opium, driven by a garron, laid unattended. Two burly men dressed in rags and armed with sabers stood ahead, arguing with the guards, an end yet in sight.

"No opium within town walls," said a guard, shaking his head. "Our apologies, sirs."

"Well, we can't return empty-handed to our chief. He expects these sold, or else who knows how long we can keep our job?" Indignation bloomed clear on the men's faces, a searing anger heating the air. They exchanged a look and began to rave about the punishments they would have to face. 

"I understand, fellow men. But then again, by the governor's will, you cannot—"

The men looked at each other and nodded, their eyes narrowing. "We're selling them. We can't have no face to our boss."

"Us two against you lot. A fair fight, I'd say. And your governor can go to hell!" exclaimed his partner... and they reached for their blades. 

A piercing ring echoed through the air, and with a flash of steel, the two men simultaneously gripped their swords in front of them in a show of prowess. Raising their blades to their eyes, points forward and tassels jingling, they charged forward. Uproar broke out amongst the bystanders as they cheered the chaos on. To and fro, the men moved with exemplary footwork; a moment they were hither, and the next, they were yonder, and then they were gone. 

The guards fell back behind the spearmen. The three shuffled forward, forming a line, and pointed their spears at the men. The archers above reached for their quivers. Yet naught could kindle fear within these men. Onwards, they charged straight for the gates and the men before. An arrow, and then another, flew past their heads, scarcely missing, and hit the earth. Dust clouded the air in their speed, and up the men leapt, their swords recoiling to explode forth. At the same time, two arrows whistled through the air as they were let loose...

Whistling, whistling, and whistling, and then it came to be joined with another sound from the trees. Suddenly from afar, there came the echo of pounding hooves. For a moment, it seemed as if time came to a halt, as if a wicked aura weighed down upon them like a god of death descended. The once clear skies seemed to darken by some preternatural force. The crowds parted, and there came riding in a knight and his squire. At this very moment, the steel in the altercation beyond braced to meet flesh. 

But lo! like an arrow, the knight shot through the air. In a single flash of steel, and of the knight's swordsmanship, the arrows were split in two and fell harmlessly to the ground, and the men found themselves disarmed. All before the shriek of steel had the time to set in. No longer was there anger on their countenances but now scarce more than fear, shock, and awe. The knight turned toward the assailants, uncaring of the spearmen and archers behind him, and pointed his sword at them.

"Off you go... if you value your lives," said the knight. Upon seeing no movement, he hit the flat of his blade against the opium wagon's horse in a great blow. It neighed, rearing, then turned and bounded away down the main road. "Now!"

The two men looked at the knight's longsword and at each other, and fled. The knight turned his destrier to the gate and trotted inside the walls of Mangan, his squire behind him. The guards dared not to stop the knight. As they saw him pass, they could not help but notice the knight's well-defined features and hazel-brown short hair, and then that scar stretching diagonally across a blind eye. The knight was middle-aged, no more than forty by the looks of him, and that furthered their curiosity. 

"Sir, what is your honorable name and house?" asked a sentry, breaking the silence and daring ahead. 

"Call me Sir...," he paused in thought, smiling gently, "...Sir Casus. Of a common house you are like to know not of."

The image of his smile lingered on their minds as he trotted into the village on his steed, sheathing a gleaming clean sword. His plump squire tottered in on a destrier behind him. Not a single drop of blood spilled Mangan's grounds that day.
