---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 2: A Blade of Old"
date: 2022-05-13
categories: A Flurry of Arrows
---
Since the beginning of the realm, the commonfolk had a saying: “He who knows of the Free Realm but knows not of Mangan’s markets has yet to be free.” And this was not in the least untrue, for so great were its markets that it was seen, in word or in sight, even from the mountains beyond, past the forest that birthed the road and its kin. In these markets, the spring goddess Yaere had sent a verdant glow to the oaks growing from the earth—left unfelled with the coming of man. Under this light, there grew from the earth another breed: market stands. Like banners of old, their colors soared in the breeze, in peace rather than in war; and from here to the square afar, from all over the kingdoms, folk of the poorest of rags to the richest of silks had come to sell and buy.

Towering above them all, the knight and his squire trotted through the crowds. From ship they first had travelled, then caravan and now alone with but each other’s company. It was their first time away from home across the seas upon the island of knights. Hence, the town of Mangan was a refreshing stop. Amidst the folks’ endless conversations, Sir Casus’ squire rode ahead, curiously pointing at the stands selling charms and at the one selling steamed buns and at the stalls that lined the road, backed by scarce more than packed restaurants’ bamboo walls. Alleys snaked their way into little-known nooks and houses. Here and there, the men stopped, pausing but never lingering, the knight merely nodding and from there, riding on. 

It was not long after that they chanced upon merchants standing before their stands, surrounded by people. Chattering and bartering filled the air. It was somewhat welcoming, a distant reminder of the markets of the knight’s fatherland. A young merchant stood near, yelling out at the people who passed. His shop was hastily set up, bamboo stools and tables scattered about with customers drinking and feasting, its aroma almost enchanting in the afternoon heat.

 "Some wine for my fellow swordsmen?" called out the merchant as the knight rode past. “A long journey you’ve had, no doubt. How about a little rest and drink before you go your way, sir?”

"I do thank your good will, but I fear we may not permit wine to get in the way of our..." …our job, Sir Casus finished in his head, patting his blade's pommel. The merchant opened his mouth to speak, but no sooner had he done so, he withdrew his unspoken words. Evidently, word of Sir Casus' coming had reached him; for in the town’s alleys and roads, information could attain speeds inconceivable to mortals.

They rode on toward the village square. The stands soon dwindled into towering houses and restaurants, paving way for the great market beyond. Over yonder above them, before the lines that spanned the road, a woman was drying her clothes, and there was a man practicing his swordplay, and then a child peering out the window with shining eyes. Hovering over all was the aroma of wine—wine and food, as the men tore roasted chicken and drank from casks of wine from the overlooking balconies and the wooden stools about the road.
In little time, the knight and his squire had come upon the very market square whose rumors had echoed about all the kingdoms. And little did it disappoint. From afar, Sir Casus caught the sight of stands selling greens, and blades, and exotic fruits, and then wares and blades. It was almost akin to an army readying for battle: the banners glimmering in the breeze, the murmurs lifting from a source unseen, and the hundreds of people—aye, thousands. There was little doubt that this place lived up to its name, majestic and bountiful as it was.

Such beauty and glory could only be tarnished by an unfortunate turn of Yaere’s will, and yet still was a loathsome fate bestowed upon Mangan’s people that day. Afternoon had found the sun high upon the clouds, and a strong heat set upon the town, far more than what they had faced in the cool lands of Everlance. The wears of travel had set upon the travelers at last. 

"Tarin, you seem tired under your load," the knight said to his squire. "Shall we dismount and find rest?"

And that they did with Tarin's mutter of gratitude. 

Panting from the heat, the company walked the square and, in little time, came upon a stand. On a velvet-clothed table laid a collection of blades. Dirks, longswords, sabers piled upon it. Behind it, against a restaurant's wall, there stood a merchant and more crates covered in some foreign dark cloth. Perhaps from the exiled lands of Setherea where manacled men of vile lineage walked the earth? Sir Casus knew not. 

"You knights in need of blades of the highest grade?" asked the scrawny merchant,  a finger twirling his mustache. He bore the tan of travel, and his accent sang of the western lands. 

The merchant seemed little versed in smithing, for the blades were poorly smithed, Sir Casus saw. No more than a year would they last, for too easily would they break in battle. But among them was one that stood out: a fine dirk of black Evar steel, studded with a ruby at the crossguard, from his homeland. The knight picked it up and raised it high against the sun.

"A good eye for blades, sir," said the merchant sweetly. “You have quite an eye.”

“Bred and birthed in Everlance, I grew up among men of men, blades whetted sharper than mere blade,” replied Sir Casus.

"No doubt! It is true, then, that they say men of Everlance were born uncrying with steel in hand. Then, may I reckon that perhaps you should like to see Petrey's most prized blade?" The merchant Petrey bowed and winked, his hands twirling in the manner of a master swordsman.

The deftness of the empty-handed spin took the knight aback. Truly curious, he was then, whispering his assent. From forth between the loins of these crates, a long blade clothed in darkness appeared. Petrey chuckled. And for some reason unknown, a pain shot up the knight's heart and, not long after, up his lower leg. The air around him grew a tad hotter, he a little dizzier, as he gaped at the yet revealed longsword. The knight and his squire, their breaths were left caught in their throat as time neared a stop...

The merchant Petrey smiled and, with a flick of his wrist, unveiled the sword. Sir Casus' vision blurred. The dark steel and the endless waves from the centuries of hammering, the unsheathing of the blade equally unsheathed a memory he could forget not... and he yelled wildly, pure animal instinct engulfing the remnants of his rationality, unsheathing his own blade with an echoing ring that silenced the square, swaying and sooner collapsing. 

In a fit of madness, the travelling bags left abandoned in the dust, his squire leapt forth and caught the knight, brandishing the jewelled dirk from before. "Sir Kaserus! Sir Kaserus, knight of Everlance!"