---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 3: An Old Knight"
date: 2022-05-14
categories: A Flurry of Arrows
---
*My fault*, the thought breached his being like a battering ram having felled the castle gates. *All my fault. Solely mine.*

*Tarin, Tarin*. A name so familiar yet equally so distant. Reality had spiraled into a dizzying whirl of memories, all there at once, then some, then none at all. He knew little more than the eternal nightmare now, the old one. Naught more than the rumbling war drums, the screaming war horns, the anguish of a thousand men, the thunder of a hundred steeds, the blood-streaked heavens, the seas bleeding with man's sorrow, that wept the tears of peace and smote with the fury of Erys, lord of war. Upon the seas many a time before tolled the gong of death, Erys heralding a world born anew. 

Again, he was falling, an indefinite, unending fall, huddled and hunched like an unborn baby in a womb. Shrouded in sable under the heavens' glowing deities, falling and falling and falling, an old knight fell. That feeling of his guts contracting in anticipation of meeting the earth, by now he was all too used to it. Yet he did not dislike it here; it was his sole fortress against reality--an abode imprisoned with some sense of liberty and security--for the world beyond was but a persistent struggle, an inevitable bouquet of conflict, depression, and remorse, the eternal torture. Why ever should he wish to return to that accursed realm? If only in this void could he keep falling, released from the manacles of this world, was that too much to be granted?

Curled up in the darkness, it soon came to him that the world was beneath him. The vision had alighted--that old dream again, once more and more tormenting than ever had dawned upon the old knight's soul, and there it was.

A lone breeze bearing the tidings of war whispered through the plains, through the grasses and overcoming all its foes. The knight was upon the earth, facedown, his left leg splayed out in some beastly fashion. Pain. The stench of blood, sweat, dirt filled the air. How he wished to lay asleep. Laughable. Dishonourable. Painful. A bit more. A mere moment more. The knight stirred in a grave silence, a daunting and creeping silence. The horses, the men? Warhorns, war drums? Nay, naught, only the breeze, an unsettling dirge upon a battlefield. 

All memories and thoughts fled him. It was only adrenaline now that flowed through his veins and spurred his spirit. The knight felt for his blade, reaching forth into nothingness, his eyes angled sideways though through a blurry vision. Outward he reached and yanked blindly. Something tore. Cloth, it was a light-blue, the colour of a sky he could scarcely remember, and fraying. His own men's. He stared into the distance, his eyes focused, and he saw its owner: a corpse, its eyes unclosed, one or two feet away. It returned his gaze with a blank stare, hauntingly alive, its mouth laid ajar, open in a scream stolen by death. A war axe was lodged deep in its stomach, its entrails coiling like a worm drowning in a pool of blood. Beyond it laid another corpse, and another, each scarcely a foot or three apart, some garbed in mighty armour, some in rags. 

The smell of blood hovered above the knight. His stomach gave out, and he retched. It all smelled of shit, vomit, and blood. He retched until he no longer could, the remnants of a meal so long ago, and there upon it he laid. From afar, he heard the whickering of some living steeds. He had not the energy to sit up, much less the energy to stand. So he crawled, bit by bit, toward a place he could not see, with a passion he could not feel, rather toward a place he *knew* he belonged. 

The knight came upon an oak tree not far from where he woke, where he propped himself against the trunk, encircled by the dead. It all felt like a dream; he was dazed, his vision hazy. Time moved yet did not move. His senses were there yet they were not. Beside him had fallen a flag of his liege, a banner emblazoned with a spear thrust upon the waves. He rested for a few moments and forced himself upon the broken flag, using it as a cane. He limped away to a smooth, slightly inclined boulder that jutted out of the ground. There, he stood upon it, underneath the clouds that hid a bloody sky, his body leaning against a flag as it flapped against the breeze. A thin fog had set upon the battlefield, a gloom as foreboding as the death it veiled.

The waves lapped and splashed against a pebbled beach as the tide climbed and reached for the dead, victims of a battle scarcely fought. Banners, which once flew in the glory of the cause, laid limp and drenched. Warhorns and drums fell unattended upon the stomped grass. And everywhere, men had breathed their last, together departing this world, free at last yet forcibly free. It was a twisted and accursed sight. The glory of battle was no more; all there remained were its horrors and death. Death to the horses, death to the men, death to the cause, death soared across the battlefield, alighting upon the corpses below. It was a sea of blood, the home of demise, the bane of life, the end of a generation, the curse upon this world--it was a battle ended. 

And there before all, he was atop the boulder, the old knight, propped against the entirety of the world, its mountains, valleys, and seas, the realm he vowed to protect. Upon the banner of his liege he leaned, gazing upon the feast for crows and fleas, realizing and embracing the futility of existence, kneeling and falling before the world's judgment. The earth broke asunder, and he fell into nothingness once more as the world shattered away. *My fault. All my fault. Solely mine.*
